Yang Kun you bastard
Hahaha, I'm a jerk, what's wrong?
What can you do to me?
You have no choice
Qinghong tied me up
Daji, I asked you to tie me up
Don't you even listen to me?
Lin Lan no more haha
Is that right?
This is the eldest sister of Red Star
Sure enough
Linlan
Chu Yang, don't worry.
It's gonna be okay.
Ah Kun, I am no longer a threat to you.
Can you let my mom go?
Ah Kun, what do you want to do?
Let him go
The hostage I finally caught
Why do you want to let it go?
You are such an idiot
I believe everything I say
Hahaha stop
You don't believe what you say
Credit is what good people abide by
I'm a bad person.
What is my name?
Yang Kun, you don't follow the rules
From now on
My rules are rules